In the last lecture we worked on the Eichen and splash screen.
Let's now have a look at the configuration we can set up and for this we have to go to the conflict
Exham file on the root directory dessous where we configure our application and where we configure the
meta data for our application.
So if we open this does might look very cryptic.
Here we got a lot of entries and most of that is managed by onic to for us for example it edit all those
Eichen and splash entries here pointing to the eigen and splash assets.
We created the last lecture.
So it creates those entries when you run the ionic resource command.
And if you do this for a number platform we add it it will add the Android entries here to you can of
course also added those entries manually.
But do it us with care because if you mess something up here it will probably not not look good on this
specific device I mention.
So most of the settings here are fine and managed fruity Seelye or ironic too.
Anyways.
We mostly change things here at the top.
This idea here for example is important.
You can change it but you can also leave it like this.
But it will be the idea you will later need when you publish and sign your application.
The version is important.
You can change this to any words number you want to display in the App Store.
So 1.0 For example this is your internal version that doesn't influence anything else but it influences
what gets shown in the stores and of course you should increment this with each new release.
Here we can also change the name of the app so let's name it or some places because this is what this
app is about right.
And it's not an awesome on a cord of the app.
It's an awesome place ASAP.
You can also change your offering credentials here and you should do so before releasing it and your
own web page here.
And of course also the title of your or your name here.
So here it would be Maximillian Schwartz Miller.
Enter your name here enter your e-mail here and your web page here does all the what gets displayed
on the App Store.
So make sure to get this right now.
The rest here should probably nothing you want to worry about but you can get more information about
all the things you can configure here in any official Corda the documentation here under reference.
You can find a detailed documentation on de-conflict SML file with all the different settings you can
configure here what they do and which values you can or should provide.
So definitely dive into this documentation to find tuya to your needs.
The configuration we have here should be enough for many apps though.
But again to really find you need for your app go into that documentation and also keep in mind that
this Farleys also managed Freule ionic for example those icons which we added foody command but that
of course also does not mean that you can't override it manually.
It just might get overwritten again if you run the Z like command again.
With that we set up this configuration.
Let's now push this app to our device again to see if the name change does is what we will be able to
see right away.
Before we dent in the next step finally dive into how we can get our application here to be built for
deployment and then actually deploy it.
So this looks better of course the name is cut off so you might choose a shorter name but you'll see
that the name was changed.
Well that is the only thing I can show you right now.
Right.
But you can see these are the settings having effect with that.
It is configured.
Now let's publish it to the App Store is in the next lecture is